Panel 4
Remove vowels from string 
Uppercase to lowecase in string 
Partition by 
Joins 
Project explaination 
Scenerio based ml questions,which algorithms can be used 
Rag
Precision and recall 
What is cloud 
List the certifications 
Did you provide any bribe 
Any location 
Any role 
Any shifts

Panel 20:
Self Intro
Certifications Completed
SQL - like, group by, explain abt inner join and left join, diff b/w rank and denserank
Python - gcd, reverse two list and then merge
Cloud computing
Adv of cloud over local server
Unstructured and structured dataset - adv and disadv
CTS hackathon project explaination
Flexible to work in other domains?
Flexible to work at any place?
Flexible for any shifts?

Panel no:4
  1.self intro
2. reverse a string
3. Print duplicates in the list 
4. Reverse a sentence 
5. Print common elements from two lists
6. Difference between xgboost and lightbgm
7. Difference between linear and logistic regression
8. About projects other than cts
9. About CTS projects
10. difference window function row_number,rank,denserank
11. Query on dense rank
12. Left join
13. Where having
14. Group by
15. difference between precision and recall
16. cloud experience
17. Exception handling 
18. Iaas, paas,saas
19. Data Bricks
20. About projects in depth 
21. behavioural questions and team work
22. Are you flexible to any shift ?
23. Are you flexible to work at any  location?
24. Are you flexible to work in any domain?
25. Certificate explanation
26. Preferred domain to work
27. Did you provide any bribe

panel 12:
self introduction
certifications done 
about AWS
About S3 buckets
whether a number is prime number or not
python code to find even number
write a sql where query where the date format will be as 'YYYY-MM-DD' extract all the data of employees between the year of 2015 of January to December of 2020
and write all the sql query of type of joins and explained the joins
what is bias?
certification completed
cts project explanation
flexibility to location and workshift
string reversal
pattern problems

Panel no :14 
Self introduction 
Difference btwn set and list
About sub queries ,groupby
Explain about CTS hackathon 
About gen ai models 
Oops concept in python 
About random forest ,xg boost 
Python code for factorial of number using recursion 
Take input and print the max number

Panel 10
Self Introduction
Explain about the projects, what models you have used
Python Programs:
Remove the whitespaces in the sentence, 
Count the no.of whitespaces in the sentence
Print repeated characters in the sentence along with the count of repetition
SQL:
Create table
Count of no.of students in each department
ORDER  BY
LIKE
Questions on inner join and Left join
Cloud concepts
ML models - What is Regression
Challenges faced in projects
Are you flexible to any shift ?
Are you flexible to work at any  location?
Are you flexible to work in any domain?

panel 13
self introduction
python basic program for reverse the string,list operation such as append,remove a element from a list
sql query types of joins,to guess the joins output,simple sql query to count of total record from a table
ml models and what you used for hackathon and advantages of ur model and other models ml ,why you choose the model,what will u do if the dataset feature is enormous 
discussed about project in depth
questions based on cloud ,what cloud services you worked on ,what are the other models available in cloud and why you choose the cloud servies
scenario based questions based on collaboration,what action you would take if your other teams not able to work on ,if they facing some technical glitch

Panel 4
Self intro
Remove vowel from string
convert the string into uppercase
sql : display the day from the date
display join without the common rows from 2 tables (without intersecting elements)
how you will check duplicates
differentiate row_number, rank, dense rank
Difference between having, where, group by , order by
Algorithms used in your project, project related question.
LLM, about cloud.
Are you flexible to any shift ?
Are you flexible to work at any  location?
Are you flexible to work in any domain?

Panel 15
Self Intro
Talk about your CTS Hackathon, your contribution 
About Cloud
About LLM(have you used?)
Python- create array with elements,sort them,sort in descending order,sum the elements in that list
SQL- print a single row in a table whose empid is 1,how many employees working in each department, left join, find the employee's latest joining date(like 1 emp may have multiple joining dates)
Why Azure,what you used there, why not other cloud
General -flexible to work, what role do you expect,what if you did not get that role

Panel 1
Self intro
Python codes - min,max ,odd numbers from list
Creating inserting table, counting the no.of employees having same id
About cloud services
Ml models

Prasanth - Panel 9
1.check whether the num is prime
2.given string,you have to take only numbers from that and sum it
3.even num from list
4.left join vs cross join diff
5.told to write subquery eg
5.to do left join,for two tables.
6.ml models real world use cases
7.cloud 
8.internships
9.shift,industry  based question...

Panel 2
Self intro
CTS project 
Sql - window functions, joins 
Query - 2nd highest salary 
Python - given a list and asked to find count of elements using dictionary 
Certifications
ML - data preprocessing, models used , model selection 
Strength 
Weaknesses

panel 9

1.self intro
2.hackathon project in detail(problem statement, available   solutions, your solution, how your solution is better than the existing ones in the market)
3.lambda functions
4.joins in sql
5.group by in sql
6.order by in sql
7.limit in sql
8.what do you know about cloud ?(he will ask in depth on topics whatever u said you know about the cloud)
9.private key, foreign key, unique key
10.what ml models u know?(same as 8 make sure to say only what u know well)
11.your personal projects in detail and also about the packages or modules u used in your project
12. certifications u did

panel 5: self intro                                                                                                                                                        List creation: using append() and insert().
Converting a list into a tuple.
Understanding sets in Python.
Searching for an element (e.g., 956) in a list, tuple, and set with 1000 records — be prepared to discuss the difference in time complexity.
Python program to count the number of words in a sentence.
sql program to remove a specific letter from a string and print the remaining string.                                                                  Real-time examples of SQL usage.
SQL set operators.
Query to print a row twice even if the table has only a single entry of that row.
SQL string functions.                                                                                                                                                                   If a project requires learning a new technology, explain how i will approach it.
If a project requires longer working hours, describe how i would manage it.
Availability for night shifts

Panel 2:
self intro
maximum element in a list
print the repeating words in a string
what is inner join, how does it differ from left join and right join
retrive the count of employees in each department in the employee table
external certifications
cloud fundamentals
pre requisites for developing a ML model
accuracy metrices to evaluate a model

Panel no:4
self intro
reverse a string
duplicate identification from the list
Difference between linear and logistic regression
cts project explanation
Certificate explanation
when to use where clause and when to use having
difference between linear and logistic regression
difference window function row_number,rank,denserank
difference between precision and recall
cloud experience
behavioural questions
Are you flexible to any shift ?
Are you flexible to work at any  location?
Are you flexible to work in any domain?

panel no:1

self intro
code to print vowels
create table
insert the data into table
groping the data
how catboost works
randomforest regression
xgboost 
ensembling models
how industry works on inheritance concept in java

PANEL NO:14
SELF INTRO
DIFF BETWEEN LIST AND TUPLE
ABOUT SQL CLAUSES
TYPES OF KEYS IN SQL
ABOUT ML MODELS
OOPS CONCEPT IN PYTHON
PYTHON CODE- TAKING USERINPUT AND MULTIPLYING IT BY 10
IDENTIFY LARGER TWO NUMBERS
SQL CODE: SECOND HIGHEST SALARY
DIFF BETWEEN DECISION TREE AND RANDOM FOREST

Panel 3
Self intro
Internship 
About project in resume
Cts project
Explain models you used
Cloud services you used
 mentioned in your 
Write code to reverse your name
Write code to print odd numbers less than or equal to 10.
Write a code by yourself and explain it
What is the difference between an Inner Join and an left Outer Join?
The ages of A, B, and C are in the ratio 2:5:8. If the sum of their ages is 75, what is the age of C?
What is the difference between on-premises and cloud services?
What is Generative AI?
Window function

Pannel2
self intro
About Projects
Sql(top 3 salary,query using left join,comparision b\w left join and right join)
python(reverse a string,print duplicates)
ML models(evaluation metrices,how do you improve model frequency)
cloud(azure,aws)

Panel 6

Introduce yourself 
Explain the project mentioned in your resume
Write code to find missing element in an array
Write sql query for finding 3rd highest salary 
Types of join(diff between inner join and outer join)
Diff between tuple ,Dictionary,List
Types of ML (answer with real world examples)
Difference between database and files
What do you know about cloud
Are you flexible to any shift ?
Are you flexible to work at any  location?
Are you flexible to work in any domain?
What do you know about cognizant?

panel 1 
self intro 
python - remove duplicates from list , 
               print odd numbers from the list , 
               and print max number from list .
SQL - create table with student id , name and mark
          print the highest mark
ML - XGBoost , Random forest 
about projects 
overfitting and underfitting , 
about internships,

panel 19
self intro
about cts Projects in detail and what models used in your project
name the types of dsa in python 
tuple and sets
sort the list in descending order
sql where vs having
group by fn
print the first_order and last_order date of a customer Using aggregrate fn[using max and min fn]
ML types of regression
Mean squared error
abt the performance metrics used in regression

panel 15
Introduce yourself
pandas,matplotlib(you mentioned you know python so you should answer for this)
sql groupby
project in depth(cts)

Panel 3 – Questions

Introduce yourself.
Explain your internship in detail.
Explain every project mentioned in your resume.
Explain your hackathon project in detail.
Write code to generate random numbers.
Write code to print even numbers less than or equal to 10.
What is the difference between an Inner Join and an Outer Join?
How do you debug code in the command-line interface?
An aptitude question: The ages of A, B, and C are in the ratio 2:5:8. If the sum of their ages is 75, what is the age of C?
What is the difference between supervised and unsupervised learning?
What is the difference between on-premises and cloud services?
What is Generative AI?


Panel 9
List addition
Tuple vs list 
Sql joins
Sql window functions
Supervised unsupervised 
Random forest vs clustering
Cloud fundamentals


panel 1 
list sorted (builtin)
reverse  (builtin)
sql sort
general questions realate to ml
supervised ,unsupervised
overfitting
underfitting
